Unofficial NewsBlur Reader
==========================

This extension displays all of your unread stories and unread counts

This is a Google Chrome extension for the popular RSS reader website: NewsBlur (owned and operated
by Samuel Clay). With Sam's permission I have developed this extension to provide quick updates on
new unread stories that you have subscribed to on your account.

Features:

- Because NewsBlur itself is updated in real time, this extension is also updated in real time. So
you see new stories within just a couple minutes of their actual posting.

- The green, gray, and red numbers indicate how you 'feel' about the story as you have indicated
with the 'Training' feature on NewsBlur. The stories themselves are also color coded this way so
you know which stories contain subjects you enjoy and those you like to avoid.

- Clicking on a story title opens the story in a new browser tab. After the tab is opened, the
extension marks the story as read on your NewsBlur account. Some titles are also truncated for
white-space efficiency. However, moving your mouse over the story will display the full title of
those stories.

- To the right of each story title is a little 'Mark Read' button you may use to mark the story as
read without opening it in a browser tab.

- All feeds also have one of these icons directly below the negative unread story count for that
feed. This button will mark all stories in the entire feed as read. You know, in case you don't
feel like reading anything from that source at the moment.

- Please note that marking the story as read in this extension will not actually mark the story as
read immediately on NewsBlur. It does so only when you close the extension panel or move to a new
feed page within the extension panel (explained in the next feature). The 'unread' counts will
still update immediately (except for the one displayed on the extension icon). The extension icon
updates once every 60 seconds or when the extension panel is closed.

- Feeds with more than 6 stories are paginated. This means that, to increase the panel's loading
speed, only 6 stories per feed are displayed at a given time. At the bottom of each feed, is a
'Next Page' and 'Previous Page' button you can use to page through all of the stories in that feed.

Known Issues:

- Sometimes the panel may take a few seconds to load. This is caused when it is trying to load many
high volume feeds. However, it should be able to load it within a reasonable amount of time thanks
to the paging feature. I am still working on trying to speed it up in any way I can.

Possible future features:

- The ability to add a feed to your account directly from the extension panel. Sadly right now I am
unable to make this feature work. I am attempting to contact Sam to get this feature working as soon
as possible.

- If you have any more ideas. Let me know in the comments and I will see what I can do.
